Replace Appveyor with GitHub Actions (#1282)
jfrog/jfrog-cli: README.md

| `-jfrog.user` | [Default: admin] JFrog platform username.|
| `-jfrog.password` | [Default: password] JFrog platform password. |
| `-jfrog.adminToken` | JFrog platform admin token. |

> | `-ci.runId` | A unique run ID used as a suffix to create repositories tests |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-ci.runId` | [Optional] A unique identifier used as a suffix to create repositories and builds in the tests. |
```
